Docs/cluster peering 1.15 updates (#16291)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/cluster-peering/usage/manage-connections.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Manage Cluster Peering Connections
description: >-
  Learn how to list, read, and delete cluster peering connections using Consul. You can use the HTTP API, the CLI, the Consul UI, or Kubernetes to manage cluster peering connections.
---

# Manage cluster peering connections

This usage topic describes how to manage cluster peering connections using the HTTP API, Consul CLI, Consul UI, and Kubernetes.

After you establish a cluster peering connection, you can get a list of all active peering connections, read a specific peering connection's information, and delete peering connections.

## List all peering connections

You can list all active peering connections in a cluster.

<Tabs>

<Tab heading="HTTP API" group="api">

> An API request to list peering connections takes the following form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to format an API request to list peering connections:
```
Better?
